### Kubernetes Interview Questions 

1. What is Container Orchestration? What are the Container Orchestraions in the market?
2. Explain the value and benefits of Container Orchestration?
3. What is the difference between deploying an application on Hosts (VM) vs Containers?
4. What is Kubernetes?
5. What are the components of Master & Worker node?
6. What is Pod?
7. Whenever i execute kubectl run command or creating pod. What will happen?
8. Can i able to run Kubernetes without Docker?
9. What is the difference between Kubernetes & Dockerswarm?
10. What is kubelet?
11. What is etcd?
12. What is kube-proxy?
13. How application communicate with the database in kubernetes?
14. Types of Kubernetes setup?
15. How do you deploy a feature with zero downtime in kubernetes?
16. If you delete a pod (created as part of deployment) what happen to data inside of it?
17. What is a manifest file? What are the components of it?
18. Explain about PV & PVC?
19. What is pod lifecycle?
20. How one pod talks to other pod?
21. What are the different services in kubernetes?
22. What is Headless Service?
23. How the pod health check is done?
24. What is Daemonset, ReplicaSet, Horizantal Pod Autoscalar?
25. Difference bewteen Replication Controller vs ReplicaSet
26. What is Namespace? Why we use it? What are default namespaces?
27. Difference between Rolling Updates & Recreate? 
28. What are the objects in kubernetes?
29. What is the use case of Labels & Selectors?
30. What is Node Port Service? Where we use ClusterIp? Whenever we create Load balancer as a service do e need to use node port or not?
31. What is LB service & how u will configure it?
32. What is the command to interact with Pod?
33. What is the command to list pod in a particular Namespace?
34. Difference between Stateless Applications & Statefull Applications?
35. What is static pod?
36. How to monitor a Pod?
37. Environment Variables in Kubernetes?
38. Configmaps & Secrets
39. How to setup resource limits?
40. What is node affinity? Pod affinity? Taint & toleration:
41. What is Ingress Controller?
42. What type of Load Balancer used in Kubernetes architecture?
43. Explain the concept of RBAC?
44. What do you know about HPA & VPA? 
45. Iam unable to create the pod it is showing failed status. What are the reasons?
46. Iam unable to mount the volume for pods. What are the reasons?
47. What is pod evicted?
48. Kubernetes master is down. what is the impact?
49. What is the latest version in kubernetes & Which version of kubernetes your using?
50. Explain about your Kubernetes Environment?

