### Docker Interview Questions 

1. What is hypervisor?
2. What is virtualization?
3. What is containerization?
4. What is the difference between virtualization & Containerization?
5. What is docker?
6. What is docker container? 
7. What is docker image?
8. What is docker hub?
9. Explain docker architecture?
10. What is dockerfile?
11. Tell us something about docker compose?
12. What is Dockerswarm?
13. What is the lifecycle of docker container?
14. What is docker machine?
15. How to check for docker client & docker server version?
16. How do you get number of containers running, paused & stopped?
17. You don't know command but you want to do some activity? How do you get command?
18. How to login to private docker registry?
19. If u wish to use base image & make modifications, how do you do it?
20. How to create a docker container from docker image?
21. How do you list running containers?
22. How to reduce the docker image size?
23. Do you know why docker system prune is used? What does it do?
24. Will you loose your data when a docker container exists?
25. Where all do you think docker can be used?
26. Can a container restart by itself?
27. Is it better to directly remove the container using the rm command or stop container followed by remove container?
28. How many containers can run per host?
29. Is it good practise to run stateful applications on docker?
30. How will you monitor docker in production?
31. Are you aware of load balancing across containers and hosts? How does it works?
32. CMD vs ENTRYPOINT?
33. What is docker namespace?
34. How can we enable communication between the containers?
35. What do you know about docker volumes?
36. What is ONBUILD instruction?
37. Suppose you have 3 containers running and out of these, you wish to access one of them. How do you access a running container?
38. Can you use a container, edit it, and update it? Also, how do you make it a new and store it on the local system?
39. Suppose you have an application that has many dependant services. Will docker compose wait for the current container to be ready to move to the running of the next service?
40. What are the common instruction in Dockerfile?
41.  Write a Docker file to create and copy a directory and built it using python modules?
42.  What is the difference between Docker Image and Layer?
43.  What is the purpose of Docker health checks?
44.  How can you limit the resources (CPU, memory) used by a Docker container?
45.  How do you secure Docker containers?
