### AWS Interview Questions 

1. What are the important components of IAM?
2. Is s3 is secure? If yes, how it is?
3. What are the different tiers in Amazon s3 storage?
4. What is an object when we delete it from amazon s3? How to retrive deleted data from s3?
5. Can we do cross region replication in Amazon s3 without enabling versioning on a bucket?
6. What is cloud front?
7. How do we grant access to specific file to a user?
8. What is the difference between spot instances & on-demand instances?
9. What are the different type of load balancing?
10. Which load balancer do you use in your project?
11. What are the different volume types?
12. Tell me difference between instance store & EBS?
13. What is the difference between public IP & Elastic IP?
14. What are the different routing policies available?
15. How does Amazon Route53 provide high available & Low latency?
16. What is statefull & stateless firewalls?
17. Difference between Security group & NACL?
18. Is there a way to upload a file that is >100 mb in Amazon s3?
19. Can you change the private IP address of EC2 instance while it iis running or in a stopped stage?
20. How do you upgrade or downgrade a system with near zero downtime?
21. Can i able to increase the resources of a ec2 instance whenever it is necessary without downtime?
22. How do you set up a s/m to monitor website metrics in AWS?
23. Name some of AWS services that are not region specific?
24. Difference betwee NAT gateway & NAT instances?
25. Some of best security practices?
26. Can s3 be used with EC2 uinstance and if yes then how?
27. How do you configure cloud watch to recover EC2 instances?
28. How do you allow a user to gain access to specific bucket?
29. Explain about VPC peering?
30. What is transit gateway?
31. How does autoscaling group works?
32. Does route53 do load balancing?
33. What are the types of virtualization do you have on AWS platform?
34. What are types of root devices?
35. What are key-pairs in AWS? If you loose key what will happen ho do you get the ec2-instance?
36. IAM best practices?
37. Can we add 2 same listener port in ALB?
38. If i give certain range of ip address how u block them?
39. If ec2 instance is down what possible reasons? How you resolve them?
40. How to analyze cloud watch logs?
