# Interview held on 22nd March 2023


### TERRAFORM

1. What is the terraform state file?
2. What if I delete the state file and apply the terraform code?
3. What is backend in terraform?
4. Where is the backend available in terraform?
5. What is a module in terraform?
6. How to use module in terraform?
7. What are local and remote provisioners in terraform?
8. What is the use of an output block?
9. What is the data source?
10. How you can run a shell script by terraform?
11. What is the use of the Hashicorp vault? How does it work?
12. How to bring your existing infra under terraform?

### KUBERNETES

1. Explain the Kubernetes architecture.
2. Can you explain the deployment manifest files?
3. What are the available services in KubernetesS?
4. What is Daemon Set?
5. What are an ingress controller and an ingress?

### ANSIBLE

1. What is ansible? Explain its working?
2. What is an inventory file in ansible?
3. What if the IP address of any managed node changes? How can you update your inventory file in an automated way?

### SHELL SCRIPTING
1. Explain any shell script that you have used.
2. What is the use of cron job?

### GIT

1. What branching strategy are you using in your project?
2. What is git stash?

### AWS

1. What services have you worked on in AWS?
2. If you want to allow traffic only from loadbalancer to your EC2, how you can do that?
3. What is the difference between AMI and Snapshot?
4. How can you identify public and private subnets?
5. How can two VPCs communicate?
6. How many peering connections are required if you want to enable communication between four VPCs?
7. What is CloudFront?
8. How to maintain High Availability in RDS?
9. Define the working of RDS?
10. How do I restrict users from accessing any particular DB instance in RDS?
