# Interview held on 24th March 2023

### KUBERNETES

1. What are the different deployment strategies and explain?
2. What is the difference between rolling update and recreate deployment?
3. How to check the logs of the specific pod?
4. What are the namespaces in kubernetes?
5. How to enter inside a pod?
6. How to create a pod without manifest file?
7. Can a node have multiple pods?
8. What are the difference between init containers and sidecar containers?
9. What is Ingress Controller and When do we need it?

### JENKINS

1. What are the differences between declarative and scripted pipeline?
2. How to take back up of a jenkins?
3. Write a pipeline script for clone and build stage for windows and linux that should build parallely?
4. What is the difference between poll scm  and build periodically?
5. According to you which build type is best ?
6. How can you grant access for a user in jenkins?

### DOCKER

1. Can u reuse a container if it get crashed? or can u recreate?
2. What are the different components of Dockerfile and explain  usecases of  few?
3. Write a Dockerfile which u wrote recently in ur project?

### SHELL SCRIPTING

1. Write a shell script for the given , file name -names.txt, I want to retrive second 10 names from the file and print one after the other.
2. What is  $? in shell script?
3. What is the command to check the running processers?
4. What is the command to list the PID of the running proccessers?

### GIT
1. Suppose there are 2 commits and i need only one commit instead of two uisg git squash. How can you do that?
2. Git Merge vs Git Rebase
3. Git Pull vs Git Fetch
