# DevOps/SRE Interview Questions 

### Linux & Shell Scripting
1. Command to find empty files in a given directory?
2. Commands you will use it for configuring ssh connectivity between 2 machines and what files will be present in .ssh folder?
3. How to schedule a shell script in unix machines?
4. Command to get load average ?
5. Need to identify IP addresses in log file and count of ip addresses in log file? 
6. What is command for checking the running process? How to get PID of process?
7. Command to get whether certain port is listing or not?
8. How to identify the number of params that has been sent to shell script?
9. Command to delete empty line in a file?
10. What is exit status?
11. Given machine, how will you identify which machine it is?

### Git/Github Questions 
12. What is git reset ? Types of reset ?
13. How to delete local branch and remote branch in git ?
14. Difference between git diff and git status ?
15. What are hooks in git?    
16. What is the importance .git directory?
17. What are the branches, diff between remote and local branches?
18. What Branching strategy that you are familiar with?
19. What PR (Pull request) is? what's the importance of PR? 
20. Which version of git you have used?
21. What is git squash?
22. Command to list all commits?

### Maven Questions 
23. What are things you need to set, if you want download dependency from private repository ?
24. Command to skip the test cases in maven
25. What is multi module project?
26. What is the importance of dependency management?
27. What is the default value of packaging tag? What other values for other artifact types?
28. What are GAV’s?
29. Is there way by which we can set local repository as some other custom directory, other than .m2?

### Docker Questions 
30. How to configure docker private registry?
31. Types of network in docker? if you don't specify network to deploy on which network the container will be created?
32. Explain a sample dockerfile that you have used in your project? ( detailed video -   
33. Can we launch Linux containers windows and vice versa?
34. What does ONBUILD instruction do in Dockerfile?
35. What is the use of .dockerignore file?
36. How to delete all stopped containers and unused images command for that?
37. Is it good to use docker compose in production?
38. How to parametrize base image tag? 
39. Building Dockerfile in directory which has large file is good practice?

### Ansible Questions 
40. Why ansible ? What makes ansible powerful than other tools like chef and puppet?
41. 5 modules that you have worked on? Can we create custom module ? ( doc - https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/2.3/... )
42. What is dynamic inventory in ansible?
43. Lets say I have both Ubuntu and centos machines as nodes I want install application tree using same playbook, how would you approach this scenario?
44. How to handle prompts with ansible playbook?
45. What is ansible galaxy?
46. What are adhoc commands?

### Jenkins Questions 
47. How to set Jenkins build to fail based specific word in console output ?
48. What are active and reactive parameters (Dynamic parameterization) in Jenkins ?
49. How to customize the build number display to something else in Jenkins job page?
50. What are multi branch pipeline?
51. What is shared library in Jenkins ?
52. What type of Jenkinsfile you have worked on?
53. In master slave setup if I want run job on specific node is is possible?
54. What is the importance of Jenkins secrets?
55. How do you take Jenkins backup?
56. Importance of post block?
57. Can we have job for pr and once merge is done the source branch should be deleted?
