## Kubernetes Questions 

1. Can you explain how you used kubernetes in project?
2. What is startup probe?
3. Explain Headless service?
4. You want to maintain your applications highly available. What will you do in your point of view. What best practices you adopt?
5. Let's say you created kubernetes setup. What will be the default namespaces which will create as part of kubernetes? Why we attach Resource Quota to the namespace?
6. What volume types available in kubernetes? In your project which type of volume you have been used?
7. Have you ever used adaptor container? 
8. While working with configmap, did you face any issues?
9. Let's say i have a container we should accept request from only particular IP/specific pod. How will you configure it?
10. What type of scaling methods you used in your project?
11. In which situation pod might go to pending state. For example - Pod status is running in ready column it is showing as 0/1 containers. What does that mean?
12. Let's say i have Elastic Search pod. My requirement is like this particular pod has to particular node and node should not accept any other pod.
13. Do you know about Pod Disruption Budget?
14. Do you aware of operators in kubernetes?
15. Have you aware of control loop mechanism in kubernetes?
16. Any idea about CRD?
17. Have you workded on Helm? Why it is used for?
18. Which version of helm used in your project?
19. What is the difference between Helm 2 vs Helm 3?
20. How many clusters you supported in your project?

