## Terraform Interview Questions
1. Daily activities that you do in Terraform?
2. What are services that you have worked with and wrote terraform files?
3. Tell me a scenario where you come across provisioners?
4. What are plugins and providers in terraform?
5. How do you deploy the terraform code manually or with some automation? Have configured locks on the backend statefile?
6. When you want to deploy the same terraform code on different env then what is the best strategy?
7. How do you standardize terraform code so that can be shared across multiple teams in an organization?
8. How do you call output of one module in another module?
9. Lets say you have created lot of resources using terraform out of is there way to delete one the resource through Terraform?
10.Can we merge 2 different state files?
11. Few challenges that you came across while working with Terraform?
12. Best way to authenticate cloud providers through Terraform?
13. Lets assume 2 resources you are creating using terraform, but we need make sure once 1st resource created successfully then only need to start creating 2nd resource. Is this possible?
14. What is null resource in terraform?
15. What happens if statefile is missed or delete?
16. Can terraform used for automating on prem infra?
17. What if we encounter a serious error and want to rollback?
18. How to call existing resources from AWS or Azure to terraform without hardcoding the values or terraform import?
19. If we give count zero in resources level what will happen?
20. What is Dynamic Block in terraform?
21. Best Practices in Terraform?
